NARRATOR: While Lysandre's plan
to create his ideal world moves
ahead, Clemont is attempting to
take back Prism Tower, Serena
and Mairin are rescuing Chespie,
and Bonnie is chasing after
Squishy. All of our heroes are
valiantly doing what they can.
As for Ash and Greninja, they
have broken free from Lysandre's
restraints and are about to
unleash their counterattack,
alongside Alain.
ASH: All right,
Noivern, use Boomburst!
Now, Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
LYSANDRE: Outnumbering
me is completely unimportant!
Use Hyper Beam!
MEGA GYARADOS: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
LYSANDRE: Now, Dragon Tail!
MEGA GYARADOS:
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
NOIVERN: [EFFORT]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
NOIVERN: [STUNNED]
ASH: Noivern!
HAWLUCHA: [CONCERNED]
NOIVERN: [REASSURING]
ASH: Thanks a lot, Noivern!
MEGA GYARADOS: [GROWLING]
ALAIN: Use Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
MEGA GYARADOS: [PAINED]
ASH:
Hawlucha, use High Jump Kick!
HAWLUCHA: [HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
LYSANDRE: Catch it, quick!
HAWLUCHA: [SHOCKED]
ASH: Hawlucha!
HAWLUCHA: [STUNNED]
ASH: You were great, Hawlucha.
We'll take it from here.
LYSANDRE: This power...the
power of Mega Evolution...
MEGA GYARADOS: [ROARING]
LYSANDRE: It only happens during
battle. It's a kind of battle
instinct. Something Pokémon
forget after being in constant
contact with humans.
LYSANDRE: But when a
Pokémon unleashes its battle
instinct...that's when
it gains Mega Evolution power!
ALAIN: Stop it!
You've got it wrong!
LYSANDRE: Only the victor can
prove that
he's not wrong, Alain...
LYSANDRE: Now, Hyper Beam!
MEGA GYARADOS: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
‐BLAZIKEN MASK: Wait!
‐BONNIE: Let me go!
I've gotta get to Squishy!
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Then what will you do?!
BONNIE: I've gotta save Squishy!
I promised I wouldn't
let it go ever, ever again!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Let go!
BLAZIKEN MASK: No, Bonnie!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
CLEMBOT: I found the right code!
TEAM FLARE GRUNT : Who's there?!
CLEMONT: I'm the
Lumiose Gym Leader, Clemont!
CLEMBOT: And I'm the
substitute Gym Leader, Clembot!
CLEMONT: What do you see?
CLEMBOT: I'm scanning now.
CLEMBOT: There are
three of them, one further back.
CLEMBOT: I detect the very
same elements in their device as
contained within
the red Zygarde.
CLEMONT:
Maybe it's their control system.
CLEMBOT: It is possible that I
could infiltrate their system
and stop it from functioning.
CLEMONT: Good!
CLEMONT: Use Electric Terrain!
LUXRAY: [ELECTRIC TERRAIN MOVE]
CLEMONT:
Clembot, now's your chance!
CLEMBOT: Right!
XEROSIC: What's all the ruckus?
XEROSIC: Well, well. I see
we have some uninvited guests.
XEROSIC: What are
Byrony and the others doing?
CLEMONT: You're controlling
Zygarde
with that control
system, aren't you?
XEROSIC: True! It's one
of my greatest inventions!
CLEMONT: Things that
control Pokémon, destroy cities,
and bring pain and
misfortune to people
don't count as inventions!
XEROSIC: What do you know?
CLEMONT: Real inventions are
things that help
people and Pokémon!
XEROSIC: You think
that will change the world?
CROBAT: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: I believe
it with all my heart!
XEROSIC: All right, Crobat, use
Air Slash! Malamar, Psycho Cut!
CROBAT: [AIR SLASH MOVE]
MALAMAR: [PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby, use Mud Shot!
Chespin, use Pin Missile!
MABLE: It looks
like we have visitors.
WEAVILE: [PLEASED]
MEOWTH: Someone's there!
MABLE: Ice Shard, GO!
WEAVILE: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
SERENA: Braixen, ready?
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MABLE: Weavile, use Ice Shard!
WEAVILE: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
SERENA: Use Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MAIRIN: She's amazing...
MABLE: Icy Wind, GO!
WEAVILE: [ICY WIND MOVE]
WEAVILE: [PAINED]
MABLE: What was that?!
MAIRIN: Hey, look!
MAIRIN: Steven!
JESSIE:
You mean Steven the Champion?!
STEVEN: Use Meteor Mash!
MEGA METAGROSS:
[METEOR MASH MOVE]
WEAVILE: [SCARED]
MABLE:
The Hoenn Champion, Steven...
STEVEN:
Lysandre fooled me, all right...
STEVEN: But he fooled
the whole world, after all.
MABLE: Oh please! Deception
has nothing to do with it.
This is a great undertaking
to recreate the world!
STEVEN: Great undertaking, huh?
MABLE: The smart thing
to do would be to side with us.
STEVEN: Really? You think so,
Battle me, and you're going to
find out the hard
way that you're no match.
MAIRIN: Steven!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
We're happy you're here!
STEVEN: Well, I'm glad I
came to check on things before
going to Prism Tower.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Mairin's Chespin is inside...
and the Giant Rock.
STEVEN: Right.
JAMES:
It really is the Hoenn Champion!
JESSIE: Get that babe on tape!
MEOWTH: Cool your jets.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
STEVEN:
I'll handle this. Get Going!
MAIRIN: Right!
MABLE: Weavile, now, Ice Shard!
WEAVILE: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
TEAM FLARE GRUNT X 4:
Use Dark Pulse!
HOUNDOOM X 2/SNEASEL :
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
STEVEN: Use Flash Cannon!
MEGA METAGROSS:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
MAIRIN: This way!
JESSIE: We are currently inside
the evil Team Flare's secret
base, but we will
continue our coverage, even when
faced with grave danger!
DRAPION: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE]
SERENA: Are you all right?
CELOSIA: Come on...
CELOSIA: You need
prior approval for an interview.
JESSIE: Why you...
JAMES: Who do think you are?!
MEOWTH: Your glasses
are choking your brain!
SERENA: Team Rocket!
CELOSIA: You keep
appearing like a bad dream.
JESSIE: Now get going.
JAMES: Go and save
your precious Pokémon.
MEOWTH: Any enemy of
our enemy is a good buddy to us!
JAMES: We have no
intention of handing this world
over to you thugs.
JESSIE: It's a
Team Rocket world. Wait...
MEOWTH:
It's really the Boss's world!
CELOSIA:
Stop the babble. It's so boring.
JESSIE: I know you are.
Gourgeist, use Seed Bomb!
JAMES: Inkay, use Psybeam!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [APPEARING]
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
CELOSIA: Drapion! Sludge Bomb!
DRAPION: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
We'd better hurry!
ALAIN: Thunder Punch, NOW!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
MEGA GYARADOS: [PAINED]
ASH: Dragon Pulse!
GOODRA: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
MEGA GYARADOS: [ANGRY]
LYSANDRE: Use Hyper Beam!
MEGA GYARADOS: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
GOODRA: [STUNNED]
ASH: All right, Goodra, return!
LYSANDRE: Oh, done so soon?
ASH: No way!
I never quit until it's over!
ASH: I think you called that
fighting spirit. But there's a
lot more to a
Pokémon's strength than that!
ASH: I learned that on my
journey. My Pokémon's strength
and my strength come from
believing in each other and
caring for each
other more than anything else.
ASH: And if you don't
understand that, we'll show you!
ASH: Talonflame,
now! Use Flame Charge!
And Greninja, you use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
LYSANDRE: Use Stone Edge!
MEGA GYARADOS: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Catch them!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
MEGA GYARADOS: [ROARING]
ALAIN: Above you!
LYSANDRE: Dragon Tail!
MEGA GYARADOS:
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
GRENINJA /MEGA CHARIZARD:
[PAINED]
[EXERTION] TALONFLAME: [STUNNED]
ASH: You were great.
Thanks, Talonflame.
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
LYSANDRE: What's wrong?
LYSANDRE: Ash, with all that big
talk of yours, is that all you
can come up with? Well then,
this is it! Use Hyper Beam!
MEGA GYARADOS: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
ASH: Hey, you're...
ALAIN: Malva!
MEGA HOUNDOOM: [EXERTION]
MALVA: Time for all
this to end. Right now!
LYSANDRE: Malva...What
is the meaning of this?
MALVA: It's really simple.
I'm putting my
complete trust in these kids.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Crobat!"
MALVA: I know this world is
hardly perfect. Far from it.
LYSANDRE: Then why
are you getting in my way?
MALVA: Because I saw them!
MALVA: Changing the world isn't
about destroying it! And people
like them are proof of that!
LYSANDRE: Then let me ask you.
These children, who are destined
to lose... what kind of world
are they capable of making?
MALVA: They
haven't lost yet, have they?
MALVA: Changing the world
is not something they can do by
themselves, but if adults
like us offer to lend a hand,
then I'm sure things
can change for the better.
MALVA: The possibilities are
real, and I want to see them!
LYSANDRE: Our conversation is
through. You've wasted enough of
my precious time!
Gyarados, Incinerate, NOW!
MEGA GYARADOS: [INCINERATE MOVE]
ASH: Greninja! Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH: Now look! You may not
like this world much. So what?
It belongs to people
and Pokémon...Everyone!
ASH: Your plan to recreate
the world...All that talk...
You have no
right to say any of that!
ASH: There are people
meeting new people all the time!
ASH: People making
their dreams come true...
ASH: People just getting
started on their journeys!
ASH: People who are
healing from old wounds...
ASH: Everyone's
got their own tomorrow!
ASH: And you have no right to
take their
tomorrows away from them!
ASH: That's why we fight.
My Pokémon and I are
fighting for their tomorrows!
PIKACHU: [DEFIANT]
MALVA: Sounds like the future
Ash talks
about is pretty bright.
LYSANDRE: How naive can you get?
You sound just like me back
in the days when I was naive!
MAIRIN: Thank goodness!
Chespie's safe.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Let's
take Chespie back to my lab.
MAIRIN: Thanks, Professor.
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PANCHAM: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
SYLVEON: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
SERENA: They don't give up!
SERENA: How's Chespie?
MAIRIN: It's fine. See?
SERENA: Thank goodness!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Now, how do we get ourselves
out of this situation?
STEVEN: Now, come on...
You don't really want to
get hurt, do you?
MAIRIN: It's Steven!
BONNIE: Thanks, Blaziken!
ZYGARDE 50%: [SNARLING]
BONNIE: Squishy...
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Are you sure about this?
BONNIE: I know Squishy will
understand! Please believe me!
BONNIE: Squishy! It's fine now!
BONNIE:
It's me! Bonnie! Can you see me?
BONNIE: Squishy, you
don't want to do this, do you?
I know you don't!
ZYGARDE 50%: [ROARING]
BONNIE: No! Blaziken Mask!
BONNIE: Squishy...
Squishy...You're oh‐so‐very
soft...Squishy...Squishy...
BONNIE: You're oh‐so‐pretty
green... Squishy...Squishy...
the cutest I've ever
seen...You're happy sleeping
in my bag. Squishy...
ZYGARDE 50%: [GROWLING]
BONNIE: Squishy...Squishy...
You're oh‐so‐very
soft...Squishy...Squishy...
You're oh‐so‐pretty green...
BONNIE: Squishy, Squishy...
The cutest I've ever seen...
You're happy sleeping
in my bag Squishy...
How I wish I understood
where you come from...
BONNIE: And the way you get
all your food from the sun...
Mysterious Squishy, how I
love you. So, oh please,
won't you please,
tell me some more!
Squishy and me,
nuzzling cheeks.
BONNIE: Best friends forever,
we're so happy...
I promise I'll never leave,
Squishy...
My little Squishy, here's
my song for you...
I'll never leave Squishy...
My sweet Squishy, that's you!
BONNIE: Squishy...
BONNIE: You
heard me. You heard my voice!
BONNIE: Squishy!
DEDENNE: [JOYFUL]
ASH: What's happening?
MALVA:
Amazing. Zygarde's splitting!
LYSANDRE:
What's going on, Xerosic?!
XEROSIC: Look,
I'm too busy to deal with that!
I'm battling an intruder!
LYSANDRE: Battling an intruder?
XEROSIC:
It's the Lumiose Gym Leader!
ASH: Clemont!
LYSANDRE:
You're all so useless...
SQUISHY: [EXHAUSTED]
BONNIE:
Squishy... You're okay now...
SQUISHY: [PEACEFUL]
CLEMONT: Chespin, use Pin
Missile! Bunnelby, Mud Shot!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
MALAMAR : [PAINED]
CROBAT: [PAINED]
XEROSIC: Return, you two!
XEROSIC: Now what?
CLEMBOT: I've done it!
I've infiltrated the system!
XEROSIC: What are you doing?!
CLEMONT: Activate the system!
CLEMBOT: Roger!
CLEMBOT:
That worked out quite nicely.
CLEMONT: Who knew?
It sure came in handy, though.
CLEMBOT:
It's my invention, after all.
CLEMONT: Synchronizing
you with the system.
Shutting it all down!
CLEMONT: Hold on. What?
CLEMBOT: If we force it to shut
down, it will heavily stress the
system. And because I'm
currently synchronized with it,
my main memory will be
completely erased. I won't
remember a thing.
CLEMONT: Nothing?
CLEMBOT: Right!
CLEMONT: Hold on a minute!
I can't do that!
CLEMBOT: But, if we don't,
this crisis will never end.
CLEMBOT: You're Clemont.
The Leader of the Lumiose Gym.
A kind and generous Gym Leader.
CLEMBOT: Always thinking of
others. Considering the good of
the many over the one.
CLEMBOT: You know
what you must do. So do it!
CLEMONT: I know. I know!
CLEMONT: I have to! Or
I won't be able to help anyone!
CLEMBOT: You are the one who
can save the world. You once
suggested to me
that we learn together.
CLEMONT: And I want to keep
on learning! Right, Clembot?
CLEMBOT: Well put, sir.
CLEMBOT:
It made me happy. Thank you.
CLEMONT: Oh, Clembot...
I'm so glad I know you!
CLEMBOT: Thanks. And I'm
so glad that you created me.
You're brilliant!
CLEMONT: Clembot...
SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: What's wrong?
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
CHESPIN/BUNNELBY: [SAD]
MALVA: There. The other
one has been freed, too.
ALAIN: Did Clemont do that?
ASH: I bet! Lysandre!
You guys just lost big time!
PIKACHU: [TRIUMPHANT]
LYSANDRE: I have to say there
seems to be no limit to how much
you fools can entertain me.
MEGA GYARADOS: [ROARING]
NARRATOR: Zygarde is finally
free from Team Flare's control,
thanks to Clemont and Bonnie.
But will Ash and Alain be able
to protect the world and its
future from Lysandre? The Team
Flare incident that shook
Kalos takes an unexpected turn,
as the journey continues!